This asp.net web application must provide several tools for players of TTRPG Games.
The primary toolbox should be system-agnostic (independent of game) and aimed towards Dungeon Masters.

## Expected Tools
- **Shop Generator** - This tool should allow dungeon masters to define their own item sets. These item sets would then be used as presets to generate shops to be used in their games. Generated shops should be editable, allowing dungeon masters to modify the generated stock and remove items that are not desirable, or increase the stock of certain items. The final shop stock should be exportable as a simple text file, providing an aligned text table. It should also be exportable as a .pdf file and a .csv file.
- **Calendar Creator** - This tool should allow dungeon masters to create custom calendars for their world. The input of a calendar would be a list of months and weekdays. The calendar should allow dungeon masters to specify other variables, such as whether the calendar calculates leap years, and so on. The output should be exportable as a .pdf file.
- **Initiative Tracker** - This tool should enable dungeon masters to use the website to track initiative in combat. This application should be mobile friendly, allowing dungeon masters to use it on their mobile devices. **Initiative** can be imagined as a cyclic ordered linked list (meaning the first and last elements are connected ). It is important that one can go back and forth in the initiative order and clear the order. It should also be easy to add a new actor into the initiative and have them be correctly put into the order.
- **Dungeon Generator** - While it is difficult to create a system-agnostic dungeon generator, this tool should strive to be just that. It should contain several 'presets' for environment (such as a castle, cave, house) and allow a dungeon master to choose the size and danger level of the dungeon. A non system-agnostic expansion may include options for random trap generation, random encounter generation and similar.
- **Timeline Creator** - This tool would allow dungeon masters the ability to create a quick and convenient timeline. These timelines would be shareable via a link. The timeline should allow dungeon masters to add points of interest with pop-up text on click. It should also allow for branching. An optional extension would be user notes and pictures for the timeline.